Fix typos (#23615)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/attributes/multiple/index.md

## Overview

> Depending on the type, the form control may have a different appearance if the `multiple` attribute is set. For the file input type, the native messaging the browser provides differs. In Firefox, the file input reads "No files selected" when the attribute is present and "No file selected" when it is not. Most browsers display a scrolling list box for a {{HTMLElement("select")}} control with the `multiple` attribute set vs. a single line dropdown when the attribute is omitted. The {{HTMLElement("input/email", "email")}} input displays the same, but will match the {{cssxref(':invalid')}} pseudo-class if more than one comma-separated email address is included if the attribute is not present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the type, the form control may have a different appearance if the `multiple` attribute is set. For the file input type, the native messaging the browser provides differs. In Firefox, the file input reads "No files selected" when the attribute is present and "No file selected" when it is not. Most browsers display a scrolling list box for a {{HTMLElement("select")}} control with the `multiple` attribute set and a single line dropdown when the attribute is omitted. The {{HTMLElement("input/email", "email")}} input displays the same whether or not the `multiple` attribute is included, but will match the {{cssxref(':invalid')}} pseudo-class if more than one comma-separated email address is included if the attribute is not present.
```
